{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 brazil_border_shapefiles: Downloaded from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://downloads.ibge.gov.br/downloads_geociencias.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://downloads.ibge.gov.br/downloads_geociencias.htm}} on November 2017 for br_municipios.zip and October 2017 for br_unidades_da_federaca0.zip\
\
disease_data_by_month: Downloaded from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tabnet.datasus.gov.br/cgi/deftohtm.exe?sinanwin/cnv/febreamarelabr.def"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 http://tabnet.datasus.gov.br/cgi/deftohtm.exe?sinanwin/cnv/febreamarelabr.def}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 for 2001-2006 and from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tabnet.datasus.gov.br/cgi/deftohtm.exe?sinannet/cnv/febreamarelabr.def"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 http://tabnet.datasus.gov.br/cgi/deftohtm.exe?sinannet/cnv/febreamarelabr.def}} for 2007-2016. Data for 2001-2014 were retrieved August 2017 and data for 2015-2016 in October 2018\
\
Dispersal: Data in disersal_data_extraction.xlsx were extracted from Table 1 of 
\f1 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAUSEY OR, KUMM HW. Dispersion of forest mosquitoes in Brazil; preliminary studies. Am J Trop Med Hyg [Internet]. 1948 May;28(3):469\'9680. Retrieved from http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18859835
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 . The figure Preliminary_F1.png is a copy of the Figure 1 from that same paper, used with WebPlotDigitizer ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://automeris.io/WebPlotDigitizer/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://automeris.io/WebPlotDigitizer/}}) to extract the locations used for capture.\
\
EIP: Data manually extracted from published yellow fever transmission studies. The file specifies the papers considered and whether or not they were included, as well as criteria used for selection. \
\
Primates: data were downloaded on July 10, 2018 on all terrestrial mammals from IUCN, but due to data terms of use are not included here\
\
SDM: colander_mosquitoes_data.csv was created from colandr.com through a review of literature containing information on Haemagogus and Sabethes mosquito locations. While the scripts use data from GBIF in their analyses, those data were no included in this publication but can be retrieved from GBIF.org. The following are the files that were used in the analysis but not included here and the doi\'92s of the datasets on GBIF that were used in each: all_mosquitoes_SA.csv is from https://doi.org/10.15468/dl.wvs9g2; Hg.leucoceleanus.gbif.csv https://doi.org/10.15468/dl.ozsvnj; Hg.janthinomys.gbif.csv is from https://doi.org/10.15468/dl.gxbxtq; Sa.chloropterus.gbif.csv is from https://doi.org/10.15468/dl.1uo4ty\
\
Seasonality: seasonality data was manually extracted from published papers. The file describes the source of the data. For some papers, only figures of the mosquito capture data or rainfall data were available, in which case WebPlotDigitizer ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://automeris.io/WebPlotDigitizer/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 https://automeris.io/WebPlotDigitizer/}}) was used to extract values.\
\
Survival: data manually extracted from papers including temperatures and vector survival. The file states the published papers that are the origin of the data.\
\
vaccine_estimates: provided in personal communication by Freya Shearer. Methods for the estimation of vaccine coverage are available in her paper 
\f1 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Shearer FM, Moyes CL, Pigott DM, Brady OJ, Marinho F, Deshpande A, et al. Global yellow fever vaccination coverage from 1970 to 2016: An adjusted retrospective analysis. Lancet Infect Dis. 2017;3099(17):1\'969. https://doi.org/10.1016/S1473-3099(17)30419-X\
}